# Output

Workflow output files will be written to the `results/` directory by default in your pipeline run output directory.

For example, if you ran champagne with `champagne run --output /data/$USER/champagne_project`, the results files will be in `/data/$USER/champagne_project/results/`.

All paths listed below are relative to the `results/` directory.

## Pipeline information

`pipeline_info/` contains information about the pipeline run.

`pipeline_info/bco.json` is the [BioCompute Object (BCO)](https://biocomputeobject.org/) for the pipeline run,
which is a standardized format for sharing computational workflows and results.

`pipeline_info/dag.html` is the DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph) of the pipeline
run, which shows the workflow execution order and dependencies.

The [execution
report](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/reports.html#execution-report),
[timeline](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/reports.html#execution-timeline),
and [trace file](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/reports.html#trace-file)
generated by Nextflow are also included in this directory and are named with the
timestamp of the pipeline run.

## Quality Control

`qc/` contains all quality control files.

### MultiQC

`qc/multiqc/multiqc_report.html` is the [MultiQC](https://seqera.io/multiqc/)
report for the entire run, which summarizes the quality control results for all
samples.

Input files passed to multiqc are in `qc/multiqc/input/`.

### fastQC

`qc/fastqc/raw` and `qc/fastqc/trimmed` contain FastQC reports for raw and
trimmed reads, respectively.

### deepTools

`qc/deeptools/` contains plots and intermediate files generated by deepTools,
including QC metrix, PCA plots, scatter plots, and correlation heatmaps.

### Phantom Peak Qual Tools (PPQT)

`qc/phantompeakqualtools/` contains the PPQT reports and fragment lengths for
each sample.

## Alignments

`align/bam/` contains the sorted and deduped BAM files for each sample.

## Bigwigs

`bigwigs/` contains the bigwig files for each sample; one before removing input
reads (`{id}.bw`) and one with input reads removed (`{id}.inputnorm.bw`).

These are normalized with the method set by the `deeptools_normalize_using` parameter.

If using a spike-in genome, these are normalized according the spike-in
parameters set. See the [Spike-in normalization doc](spike-in.md) for more
details.

## Peaks

`peaks/{peak_caller}/` directories are created for each peak caller. Available
peak callers are `macs2_narrow`, `macs2_broad`, `gem`, and `sicer`. See the [run
parameters](params.md#run-control) and [peak caller
parameters](params.md#peak-caller) for customization options.

`peaks/{peak_caller}/replicates/` contains called peaks for each sample.

### Differential analysis

If any sample has only one replicate, manorm is used for differential analysis.
Otherwise, diffbind is used.

manorm results are in `peaks/{peak_caller}/diff/manorm/{contrast}/`.

diffbind results are in `peaks/{peak_caller}/diff/diffbind/{contrast}/`.

### Consensus Peaks

`peaks/{peak_caller}/consensus/{consensus_method}` contains the consensus peaks for each peak caller.

#### Motifs

`peaks/{peak_caller}/consensus/{consensus_method}/motifs` contains HOMER and MEME AME results.

Homer results are in `motifs/homer/`, organized with one directory per sample
(e.g. `{id}_homer/`) and contain a background fasta, target fasta, results HTML,
and a subdirectory containing motif files and logos.

If the target and background fasta files from homer are not blank, they are used
for MEME AME for motif enrichment analysis. These results files are in
`motifs/meme/`.

#### Annotations

`peaks/{peak_caller}/consensus/{consensus_method}/annotations` contains peak annotations from ChIPseeker.

## Custom Genome

If you specified a custom genome with [custom genome
parameters](params.md#custom-genome-options), the prepared genome files
will be in `genome/{genome}`. These include the genome BWA index, blacklist BWA
index, and a nextflow config file to reuse the genome in future runs.
